Junior Sister
Brother came to you for a drink
Brother, sit down
Come come
Try it
This is the best country in Jincheng
Wine is not intoxicating
His Majesty the Prince
one in the morning
I went to the general's mansion again tonight to find the third girl
Also brought a jug of wine
What is this?
Could it be that I forgot that Junior Sister is pouring a cup?
Okay, see if I don't teach her a lesson
Let's go
Ah, that's right.
Give me to Junior Sister to fix Foley Dejin and bring it with you
Yes
I heard that the second princess embarrassed you in the industry today.
Those are small things.
Just the two disaster victims
Shouldn't have died
This minister's half-sister
It's all about dirty tricks
But don't be afraid, Junior Sister
Everything is with senior brother
senior brother
In fact, you don't need to do this little thing yourself
Just their little tricks
It doesn't bother me at all
I will definitely take the last troublemaker with my own hands
Hand over